Document user overrides (#415)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/concepts/pages/user_overrides/index.adoc

= User overrides

> WARNING: Overriding certain configurations can lead to faulty clusters. User overrides should only be used as a last resort!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Overriding certain properties can lead to faulty clusters. Overrides should only be used as a last resort!
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if that is correct english.
@Jimvin can you help out?

Reviewer 2: LGTM. It conveys the correct message, perhaps "Overrides should be used with caution!" might be better.

Reviewer: Sorry, but...what looks good to you?

"configurations"? I'm not a native speaker so I might be wrong but it sounds...wrong to me.

Reviewer 2: They are configuration properties, so either would work. I personally think properties makes more sense but I would be happy with either.

Author: Now we only have one warning at the top of the page left
It currently states `WARNING: Overriding certain configurations can lead to faulty clusters. Overrides should only be used as a last resort!`
I would say `configurations` includes config, env and pod the best, but happy to be overruled :) WDYT?
An alternative could also be `WARNING: Overriding certain aspects of your cluster setup can lead to faulty clusters. Overrides should only be used as a last resort and with care!`
